[Music]
welcome to classic game room it's time
to turn on that portal of power once
again and start collecting its
Skylanders Giants the sequel to the
ultra popular skylanders spyros
adventure a giant game with giant
Skylanders you knew right away after the
initial success of skylanders spyros
adventure that there would be more and
it doesn't disappoint it's a better game
Skylanders Giants picks up where
skylanders spyros adventure left off and
improves this series in so many ways
increased difficulty larger levels more
stuff to collect and these super cool
giant Skylanders which also carry a
giant price tag these Skylanders Giants
starter kit comes with the game a portal
of power
one giant Skylander tree Rex as well as
two of the regular ones the new
character jet-vac and series two cinder
like the first game they give you enough
to get started but you'll really want to
collect more but you don't have to now
the good news is that all of the
original Skylanders from skylanders
spyros adventure work with this game
which is great news for those of us with
massive Skylanders collections but a
word of advice if you've got a bunch of
level 10 Skylanders
entering this game play it on hard while
Skylanders Giants is still aimed at a
younger audience I think it's a game
that can be enjoyed by all ages there's
multiple difficulty settings and the
Hard difficulty setting actually puts up
a fight well it's still not an overly
challenging game look it's Ikaruga they
have improved Skylanders Giants on all
fronts it's a better looking game
there's a greater diversity of levels
and more colorful environments improved
cutscenes and some really awesome voiced
dialogue the Willick ins in particular
are extremely likeable although kind of
weird hi friend
want to play puzzle it is a fun time
for those of you who may know nothing
about Skylanders it's a fun adventure
game that you can play 1 or 2 players so
you can play it with your kids or play
it with your friends there's also a vs
battle mode and the Skylanders figures
themselves level up and save their data
in the actual figure somehow using magic
I'm not sure how it works but you
transfer it from one portal of power to
another and that's the whole thing with
Skylanders you collect these well
detailed intricate figures play them in
the game and then save the data in the
figure
there's a look at one of the giant
Skylanders which are super cool and
light up on the portal of power there's
also a bunch of series to Skylanders
which seem like slightly different
versions of the ones you probably
already have and some other new ones as
well like this weirdo I'm not as excited
about these series two figures but the
giant ones are definitely worth
collecting even though you can
technically play Skylanders Giants with
only one Skylander it's a collector's
game and to get the most out of it
you'll want numerous Skylanders
preferably one from every element so you
can unlock all of these special secret
areas in the game in fact I'm not even
sure if you can play with just one
Skylander there's some parts of the game
where you'll want a giant to smash down
the doors
so you'll at least want the starter kit
now I'm sure a lot of you have had this
question in your mind the whole time do
the new Skylanders work on the old
Skylanders the Giants and the other new
ones do not but the series - Skylanders
that I tested do work in the old games
your base of operations this time around
is on Flynn's ship that's where you
upgrade your Skylanders you can compete
in arena battles and when you find
various legendary treasures or whatever
on your adventure you can apply them to
your ship which makes a visual
difference so it actually gives them
some purpose in this game and don't
forget about sky stones which is an
in-game card game that what is what is
this Red Dead Redemption now if only
Skylanders could work in that game yeah
that would be interesting
heroic behavior is not a lot good shoot
these bandits who robbed the liquor
store Spyro get over here I kind of feel
bad for Spyro he got demoted in this
game like the Skylanders name became
more popular than him anyway I enjoyed
the first one a lot I thought it was
very clever this one's a better game if
you liked skylanders spyros adventure
you'll love Skylanders Giants I made a
multi-part review for the first game and
I'll see you back here in part 2 for a
look at SRI Rex in Skylanders Giants